This Shen Qingyan just came this year.
Killed a small group of blood gangs in less than a week
Liu Binbin's strength is like that
Nothing.
But it's only been a week.
So appealing
He's quite a talent.
Ah.
Why am I wrong?
The Blood Gang was solved by him alone with gambling skills?
You go on
Less than a week later
He declared war again at 7:30
As a result, Shen Qingyan pressed the frost
But flying frost is not easy to mess with
Kidnapped his men
In the end, he could only force Shen Qingyan to admit defeat
Well, this is indeed Feishang's usual style
Did Shi Xinhui's gang win Shen Qingyan over?
Yes, when yes.
But Shen Qingyan never agreed
But
Shi Xinhui's Lily Ai has always been very close to him
I'm going to order this person.
Shi Xinhui, don't try to succeed
Give me his information
It's ready for the captain
Captain, do you want me to test it first?
No such person
It's worth my while.